Added read catalog example for iOS and Android (#20)
heremaps/here-olp-edge-sdk-cpp: docs/dataservice-read-catalog-example.md

> const std::string gKeySecret(""); // your here.access.key.secret

Reviewer: Please mark for next commit that we need to align these with the coding style.
https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html#Constant_Names

Author: I changed the naming of global and local variables according to the C++ coding style. Please, check both examples.cpp

If everything is fine, you would see `hrn:here:data:::here-optimized-map-for-visualization-2` catalog description, number of partitions and the size of `100000093` partition.

## Building and running on Android

> This example shows how to integrate the HERE OLP Edge SDK C++ libraries into the Android project and shows how to read partitions' data from the catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to integrate the HERE OLP Edge SDK C++ libraries into the Android project and shows how to read data from a catalog layer and partition.
```

### Prerequisites

* Setup the Android environment.

> * Provide correct keyId and secret key in the `example.cpp` (refer to the beginning of this README file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provide correct keyId and secret key in the `example.cpp` (refer to the beginning of this file).
```
